hello every morning my name is I am just
don't come from China citizen my party
is the piece of no a is Shenzhen at the
ones we were 16 technologies community I
am the CEO the in addition in free path
comparing pariah in the in the - the of
an appeaser and the application of the
ipfs in the piece of cambodia provides
us was founded in 2010 i and ii and
manufacturing in the product in the Cobo
leading the P Frankie counter service
apply the current is have the modem 15
that William and our team has the which
the experience in the dis protocol story
to Peter is the main part of our
complete in the test of the P server now
is the how it is them P service a new
Prada integrated centers in the
disinterred understand stored with the
server which is printer function and
show in the figure the ride the computer
and thus screen the P server into the
effort the Pisa is occurring to a
computer without screen the effort the
ever crime is the e grow to the remote
desktop for the computer the user will
you assess the piece of a broader effort
connect Pisa
a piece of Apple is a super approach
including the media player powering
progress and the remote desktop I am a
piece of advice is the home data center
piece of is creating the router
nasa-tv boss and hapless node and a
gateway is the pizza with active meant
is our academia grinder and Joe now with
support Android iOS Windows the mecha
you went to Andrew TV and enjoy pattern
iPad web
drivers highway India x-x-x
a six and DK and kokum under oh s OS our
designer constant size and limas network
components the ipfs HTTP tcp/ip UTP and
leap a p2p
they use it is
the Nesta Network converter Network
component in out in this we use the IPS
HD DP and DP DP in our device and OS is
the OS OS is how a highway lever
however they were in here x.x a 6-under
maria MDK uncork up is ninnies the
kernel 610 called interface in the trash
engine control it is the piece of a the
application server IP EV as used in this
leper component level this is the code
is the cryin and condor is our showed
the ever the p the ABV ever now is IPS
real
it's the obvious k way he's used a way
to this is the sheer cycle we use the
IBS the first parented custom 25s Custer
and show you the new is our windows open
windows app it's lighter is lighter
windows the resource management we can
show in this all the is is introduced of
the piece of a piece of a prevent GCO
operation server different use can
communication with each other
fraud African client and the male
propecia can be operation through the
same epic ride that use the ginger
and application of the RFS in the P
server in the memoir of the P server we
integrate the desktop and the
application store referential well very
even application can be extended
intervene if the highway condom
perimeter and application can cover
magnified such as popular browser
downloading entertainment cowell note in
in end of enterprising
is our Apple stock our piece of whatever
stock and here you can add in the center
Center cows though in the descent her
car story on the application in this use
the application of a previous in the
piece of ipfs we sauce town Lola and a
Paris the parole board wins we however
will become a deaf deaf a PP of the ipfs
panto parada de cacao server in a
previously she recycle application beefs
faced the ipfs she a psycho paste the
parented activist custom-fit service
recycle function is that a part of the
piece of a user for interest in psycho
how you remember John in the cycle
needed share their artists way and the
psycho spray is used for resource
sharing command and in indication in the
future we were to do the modification in
the show cycle such is the Pb Pb s the
parent isa crow PBS in the recycle it
means that the very static remember
assess the ship in john the film fighter
recycle membership in the why they're
our the fit of the storage we found a
note so a psycho sir psycho room use a
note and another is the parent if i
assume we have a different to pack one
pack is the parent II fighter another is
recycled I show a picture of a developer
I first picture in the why of the
development vision of a few server we
are wrong in the development of IV ever
space the application very I'll go
figure
[Applause]